r/hvacadviceCan somebody explain how this menu works of the AC controllerI've been Machining for about 12 years now. In that time I have never actually ran a HAAS, everything has been Fanuc and Yasnac (well, one Mazatrol and one Okuma, but I didn't do set ups on them). Makino, Matsuura, at one point a Mori Seiki and Akira Seiki, a Mazak, a couple Okumas. This is the first shop I've been in that actually has a lot of HAAS machines.I'm a set up guy focused on our Matsuuras and can work on the Hyundais we have, but moving over to a HAAS is like learning a different language to me. We're a fairly high volume/production environment, so I don't really have the opportunity to go fumble around on them to get the basics down. Where is a good spot to start for someone that's fairly proficient with Machining in general, but just needs to figure his way around the HAAS control and interface before starting to set them up?Does anyone have any good tutorials on the ezguide I for fanuc? Specifically engraving on a lathe with live tooling. I・m running a doosan puma 2600sy with a 30-b or 31-b I can・t remember at the moment. I・m trying to get it to engrave parts on the face so in the Z axis. Any help is appreciated.Update: I got it to write letters. I・m guessing I need to choose xy for cutting plane and then run it.In going through my USB drives from when I worked in a shop, I found a pile of old resources and a lot of it is how to enable features in fanuc controls and how to recover and save things. I have had these pigeon holed away for years and if anyone has use for then I'll gladly share! They proved very valuable on out ol puma and ecoca machinesI would like to be able to switch the input of programs from the memory card to the rs232 port and I believe it's just a parameter I have to change but I'm not surer/MachinistsAlcoholism - Skilled Machinists and ProgrammersThe machine i use at work cant handle more than 250 kilobytes of programs.That is practically nothing.IIt cant candle more than one dynamic operation at a time.It really has an effect on how i program my parts.What are your guys advice?What compatible problems should i be aware of?It is a Leadwell v30I with a fanuc series OI-MD control from 2006.EDIT PCMCIA CARDI am curious is there a way to change them in machine? I always have to walk to my computer to change tiny things. I don't know the exact model of panel but CNC is from like 2008-2009.Reading through some manuals, Aside from servo amp / new machine / new servo setup, where could the spindle and servo waveform trace be useful in machining? Seems like an incredibly useful and technologically advanced option to just have as a one time use function. It seems like its basically a 32 channel oscilloscope built into the CNC.I would imagine you could run it for consistent processes and track a tool break? assuming you don't have a third party monitor.Wanting to know if it・s possible to use tool grouping on lathes or Swiss machines to help with running lights out. Is it available on lathes or only mills?